Aws auth (#24)
buildkite-plugins/vault-secrets-buildkite-plugin: README.md

## Example Usage

> The following examples use the availalb authentication methods to authenticate to the Vault server, and downloads env secrets stored in `https://my-vault-server/secret/buildkite/{pipeline}/env` and git-credentials from `https://my-vault-server/secret/buildkite/{pipeline}/git-credentials`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples use the available authentication methods to authenticate to the Vault server, and download env secrets stored in `https://my-vault-server/secret/buildkite/{pipeline}/env` and git-credentials from `https://my-vault-server/secret/buildkite/{pipeline}/git-credentials`.
```
